# Problem Statement:

Write a function that takes in a Binary Tree and transforms it into a Right Sibling Tree. and returns its root. 

- A Right Sibling Tree is obtained by making every node in a Binary Tree have its right property point to its right sibling instead of its right child.
- A node's right sibling is the node immediately to its right on the same level or None / null if there is no node immediatel) to its right.
- Note that once the transformation is complete, some nodes might no longer have a node pointing to them. For example. in the sample output below, the node with value 10 no longer has any inbound pointers and is effectively unreachable.
- The transformation should be done in place. meaning that the original data structure should be mutated (no new structure should be created).
- Each BinaryTree node has an integer value , a left child node. anda right child node. Children nodes can either be BinaryTree nodes themselves or None / null .

## Sample Input

```cpp
tree =     1
      /         \
     2           3
   /   \       /   \
  4     5     6     7
 / \     \   /     / \
8   9    10 11    12 13
           /
          14
```

## Sample Output

```cpp
tree =   1 
			/
     2-----------3
   /           /
  4-----5-----6-----7
 /           /     /
8---9    10-11    12-13
```

# *Solution 1 :*

- [x]  Done on my own

## Explanation :

My last AlgoExpert Solution 

Simple BFS or level order traversal and add right node to the node next in line of the queue.

Tricky part was to add the None in the queue as well as at every level.

## Code :

```cpp
from collections import deque
# This is the class of the input root. Do not edit it.
class BinaryTree:
    def __init__(self, value, left=None, right=None):
        self.value = value
        self.left = left
        self.right = right

def rightSiblingTree(root):
	
	# queue for implementing BFS
	queue = deque([root,None])
	
	while queue:
		
		# right Most element should be None
		queue.append(None)
		
		# LEVEL ORDER TRAVERSAL
		for _ in range(len(queue)):
			node = queue.popleft()
			
			if node is not None:
				queue.append(node.left)
				queue.append(node.right)
				for treeNode in queue:
					node.right = treeNode
					# break so that this is executed only once
					break
				
	return root
```

## Time Space Complexity :

O(n) time | O(hd) space - where n is the number of nodes in the Binary Tree and hd is the maximum horizantal distance of the Binary Tree

or max nodes at any level, can be upto total nodes / 2 so space can be said to be O ( N ) also