# Problem Statement:

*Shorten Path* 

Write a function that takes in a non-empty string representing a valid Unix-shell path and retums a shortened version of that path. 

A path is a notation that represents the location of a file or directory in a file system. 

A path can be an absolute path, meaning that it starts at the root directory in a file system, or a relative path, meaning that it starts at the current directory in a file system. 

In a Unix-like operating system, a path is bound by the following rules: -

- The root directory is represented by a / . This means that if a path startswith / , it's an absolute path; ifit doesn't, it's a relative path.
- The symbol / otherwise represents the directory separator. This means that the path /foo/bar is the location of the directory bar inside the directory foo , which is itself located inside the root directory. -
- The symbol ".." represents the parent directory. This means that accessing files or directories in "/foo/bar/.. " is equivalent to accessing files or directories in /foo
- The symbol " . " represents the current directory. This means that accessing files or directories in /foo/bar/. isequivalenttoaccessingfiles or directories in /foo/bar .
- The symbols / and . can be repeated sequentially without consequence; the symbol .. cannot, however, because repeating it sequentially means going further up in parent directories. For example, /foo/bar/baz/ ././. and /foo/bar/baz are equivalent paths, but /foo/bar/baz/.. /.. /.. / and /foo/bar/baz definitely aren't. The only exception is with the root directory: /.. /.. /.. and / are equivalent. because the root directory has no parent directory, which means that repeatedly accessing parent directories does nothing.

Note that the shortened version of the path must be equivalent to the original path. In other words, it must point to the same file or directory as the original path.

## Sample Input

```cpp
path = "/foo/../test/../test/../foo//bar/./baz"
```

## Sample Output

```cpp
"/foo/bar/baz" // This path is equivalent to the input path.
```

# *Solution 1 :*

- [x]  Done on my own

## Explanation :

Using pythons list as a stack ( append() and pop() )

just put appropriate conditionals and read the question for gods sake.

see algoexpert video explanation

## Code :

```cpp
def shortenPath(path):
	
    stack = []
	splitlist = path.split("/")
	isAbsolutePath = path[0] == "/"
	
	# for every string after splitting
	for i in splitlist:
		
		# for cases of //
		if len(i)==0:
			continue
		
		# for cases of /test/..
		# we pop the stack to evict test folder
		elif i == "..":
			# before pop, check list length
			# and whether previous is ".." since those dots have to 
			# be maintained in a relative path
			if len(stack) > 0 and stack[-1]!="..":
				stack.pop()
			
			# for relative paths ".." has to be maintained
			elif not isAbsolutePath and (len(stack)==0 or stack[-1] == ".."):
				stack.append(i)
				
			continue
			
		# for "." ignore since we are in the same directory
		elif i==".":
			continue
		
		# if test cases passed add to our stack
		stack.append(i)
	
	# join path elements with "/"
	resultString = "/".join(stack)
	
	if isAbsolutePath:
		resultString = "/" + resultString
		
	return resultString
```

## Time Space Complexity :
O(n) time | O(n) space - where n is the length of the pathname